The game would be a 2d gun game in which two players are at opposite sides of the canvas (left and right) and can move up and down vertically. The view of the game would be from the sky looking down on the battlefield, so the player is looking at the heads of the characters from above, and the bullets fire from left and right to the other side. For single player mode, the player would face a computer player unit that gets more accurate and faster with each level. To shoot, the player uses W and S controls and spacebar to shoot, plus the mouse to point gun. Each gun that gets introduced from a kill has a new strength that is either stronger or weaker depending on the strength of the gun in real life. The bullet speed has to be fast enough so that players can’t easily dodge everytime. The player and the CPU start with a pistol, which takes three shots to kill the other player. and whoever kills the other player first upgrades to two pistols that shoot at twice the rate. Each player has a health bar and unlimited ammo, but there is a regeneration time for the gun to reload. Then, it upgrades to a shotgun, then an automatic rifle with shots released faster, then three round burst ar, then rifle, then sniper, then the final weapon is throwing stars. The objectives would be that if you beat the computer in gun game, the computer gets faster the next time you play so it gets harder. The screen shows how many times you and the computer have died. There is unlimited lives. Multiplayer mode would just be both players are involved with player 2 using the up and down arrows, shift to shoot. Because there is only one mouse, player 2 can’t point the gun so it is just pointed horizontally across, but can move much faster than player 1.
